Update environment-variable-groups.md (#479)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/variables/environment-variable-groups.md

Variables defined in environment variable groups work exactly as [Environment Variables](../building/environment-variables/#using-environment-variables). The value of a variable named `API_TOKEN` can be referenced in a workflow as `$API_TOKEN`. Variables defined with the **_secure_** option will have values obfuscated in the Codemagic UI.

## Encrypting values

> Putting values in the Variable value input and marking "Secure" checkbox will automatically encode those values. However, encrypting files requires an additional step and the process is done with the help of different machine specific command lines.

Reviewer: "Secure" box doesn't encode the values, it encrypts them.

The encoding has to be done by the user (if necessary).

Thus the flow is to:
a) base64 encode string/file
b) paste it into the box
c) click secure

now the value is both base64 encoded and encrypted

Author: thanks for explanation, changes made

Reviewer: Info wise okay, I guess, though I'd ask @helinanever to review wording etc.

> Putting values in the Variable value input and marking "Secure" checkbox will automatically encrypt those values. However, file encryption requires an additional base64 file encoding step and the process is done with the help of different machine specific command lines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Entering values in the Variable value input and marking the **Secure** checkbox will automatically encrypt those values. However, note that in order to store files as secure environment variables, the file needs to be base64 encoded first. This can be done with the help of different OS-specific command lines.
```

> On macOS, running the following command line copies the result to clipboard:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On macOS, running the following command base64 encodes the file and copies the result to the clipboard:
```

> {{<notebox>}}

Reviewer 2: here and elsewhere - can you format the examples as code bloc instead with 3 ```

cat dummy_data.p8 | base64 | pbcopy
{{</notebox>}}

> For Windows, PowerShell command is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Windows, the PowerShell command to base64 encode a file and copy it to the clipboard is:
```

{{<notebox>}}
[Convert]::ToBase64String([IO.File]::ReadAllBytes("your_file_name_.extension")) | Set-Clipboard
{{</notebox>}}

> And for Linux machines xclip could be installed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Linux machines, we recommend installing xclip:
```

{{<notebox>}}
sudo apt-get install xclip
cat your_file_name.extension | base64 | xclip -selection clipboard
{{</notebox>}}

> After running these command lines, pasting what is automatically copied into the Variable value input and checking the "Secure" checkbox completes the encryption process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After running these command lines, you can paste the automatically copied string into the Variable value input and check the **Secure** checkbox to store the value in encrypted form in Codemagic. 
```
